Let's go build this card together.
Was kinda start from scratch and
just walk through it even though
it stepped out a little bit.
But I think it's still helpful to kinda go
through it and see it in action, right?
So, we'll start with a frame,
I'm gonna hold Shift to give it
some kinda standard size
400 by 400 seems good.
We didn't really talk too much about
the ability to set like a stroke.
That's just the kinda side and
edges here, right?
You can see this is gray but if I chose
a different color, you kinda see,
that color there as well.
We kinda mentioned before
this workbook came with
a Drop Shadow that we can just use,
but we can set that as well.
And then changing the border radius.
We can either if you wanna just see
what different border radiuses are like,
you can grab it and
kind of turn it yourself.
You have a lot of room to work with.
Let's go with eight.
Like I said, you could if you hold Shift,
it'll go by 10s.
Whatever feels right to you,
like you don't have to implement these
designs exactly the way that I am,
it's more about the technique
rather than the actual specifics,
of like well your border radius was
actually 10, so you get five points off.
No, that's not how this works.
So we've got this in place.
And like I said before,
the closer you can get it,
you don't at any point have
to have it exact, you don't.
But the closer you can lay it out
before you apply the auto layout,
the easier your life is,
the less you have to do later.
And it's like sometimes it's easy
to get it right the first time.
So let's go ahead and we'll give this a I
don't even remember exactly what it was.
I'm assuming it was about 48 though.
Like I could go in there and
measure that back one pixel.
Here we go.
Now I'm just gonna type it in by hand.
48.
Cool and then it's roughly I might
give that one a stroke as well mostly
to have there's no way to do as far
as I know just like a bottom border.
So I usually what this
is kinda as you can see,
we get the effect that we're looking for
here.
That's not true.
You can do all sorts stuff with unions and
subtraction but like easy, right?
And like we are clipping the content.
So like I don't have to match up the
border radius there because like anything
outside of the frame is clipped.
So I'm getting the effect that I want.
This isn't the actual implementation.
This is again, a representation of
what we'll implement as engineers.
But keep in mind that like you like yeah,
this is what it looks like.
There is a middle piece as well.
So we can go ahead and
add one more frame in there.
And you can see I missed a little bit, but
I can also just grab the top and
snap it into place.
So now we've got the general kind of
like cheeseburger structure of our card
component, right?
We go in there and
add in some text as well.
So we'll say like, title.
Center that and
I'm gonna say it's got an x of 16.
And then we'll go ahead and
we'll just make a copy of that over here.
What I normally wanna do what I
normally do cuz I'm It's tricky
as I'll put it over on the edge and
like we saw in the very
beginning I will then go ahead and
subtract 16, right?
And let's go ahead and just do one
more now that I have that as a guide.
I'm gonna hold Shift so
it keeps the same vertical axis here and
then align it with the Center for
these two actually I'm also
gonna say I missed it.
I'm gonna say that they should be
aligned to the right in this case,
and now we'll just give this like $1.
What else do I have in here?
That was down there?
So put the artist title up here this time.
All right so
we've got the basic shape in there.
The other thing that we don't
do at the middle one year.
One of things I also do a lot of times
pretty early as name stuff appropriately
because it's like really helpful sometimes
especially when you have a lot of
color to everything you just name it,
so we'll call this one.
Bottom bar.
You'll notice the text fields
automatically just get the name of
whatever's in the text field.
This is great as we're making
one off components, but
a one off, yeah, components.
They're gonna be components in the future,
I spoil it for you.
Like eventually we'll make reusable
components where it won't just
always be $1.
A lot of times I'll give it like
some name that makes sense.
We'll call this one top bar.
And so that C frame 13
which should be the middle,
I accidentally nested inside.
So one way you can do is
just in this outline view.
You can just move it up like this as well.
And so
now it came out from a child have that
bottom frame that was cut
with the clip contents.
Now it's actually just
appear with the other ones.
So we'll call this one content as well.
Cool.
So now that is the layout of a car
component.
Now like I said before, you could
drag in an image from your computer.
And the nice part is when you make these
reusable components you can just like slap
another image on it on each given
instance and it will be totally fine.
We can start with a default one.
I could grab an image.
I'm just going to right now just
fill it with like a gradient or
something you can fill with
a color anything you want.
So go here, you can just literally drag
an image from your desktop into sigma
you can choose any one of these let's go
with a diamond gradient this time and
we'll say that this color should
be Cool some version of that.
In there as well,
I like the other one that I did for
but like live gradient dean is not
a thing that I plan on doing today.
Hopefully like that as well.
And there's no auto layout to this
at all if we stretch out anything,
it's just sadness all the way around.
But there are a bunch of pieces here.
Now we could grab the frame as a whole.
We can auto layout it.
And now will automatically
just kind of work.
I'm probably going to out of the box,
say that like it's hugging the contents.
I don't know if I really want that, right?
Cuz this doesn't work
the way that I wanted.
So what we'll say in this case is
that it should be a fixed width and
then each of these
Should Grab
that they should fill the container.
And so
now almost easy to fix tight I didn't set.
In this one, you should be fixed and
that one should fill.
Okay, so
we want the top of the bottom to be fixed.
And we'll say the center one,
fill whatever's left over, right?
So we'll go ahead and
we'll drag that down.
And you can adjust this any way you want.
You see that like these are now
set to whatever I tell them to be.
This one is going to take out
whatever's leftover, right?
Very similar to how you might
do it in flexbox as well.
So say this is 48 again.
I'll probably change that in a second.
Now each one of these can also
be an auto layout as well.
So Shift A you can see the bottom
says Auto Layout added.
In this case, I wanna say that
you should start with your
alignment here and we'll center it.
But it's still hugging the contents.
So we'll also fill the container as well.
And we'll fill the container and
in this case, let's do it space between.
So like there it set a margin between
these two that just happened to fill up
all the space.
But if I dragged a third item in there,
it wouldn't have worked
the way I wanted it to.
So now theoretically I could grab
like another piece of text here.
Go in there,
it'll be that if I do it again.
They'll start to automatically spread
everything out just like it would with
a flexbox.
So if I really wanna be like extra
like obnoxious about the price,
I can just put it in the box
nine times and it'll workout.
Versus this one, it's aligned to the right
with a 10 pixel margin in between them.
So if I drag one in here, you can see
that it behaves differently down here.
So you can begin to compose various
different auto layouts within auto
layouts, but this will all
respond as it changes and grows.
If I make this a lot longer I
don't have to readjust anything,
everything takes care of itself.